because it is very big
inside
the alcohol gave this cream for less
the acknowledgment and
good this
doing here the use for everything with everything
what has been said that I have
information about the icon about
applications wants to be down and
others so it also has to be
so it's
the wheat in the markets and cough
i
I also bring the case where it arrives
good
and I bring
we go to a place of interviews and up
clothes the food
within the next
and then the last thing I find
here
this little mirror
you always need a mirror
and finally the cream
cocoa they always make me
i
that solution in my bag honestly
I carry many other things with more
color of my school backpack that in
the portfolio to go anywhere but
well I hope you needed the video
nice give away subscribe and comment
do not forget that I have to paint
tell him
in action
and now I have pajín account I do not know well
how can you find but my name is cam
of I do not know I do not know well but good
any information I will try
leave them in the description and good we
we see in the video itself